Loisrp update getstart (#134)
interledger/interledger.github.io: _content/setup-wallets.md

> ## Set Up Interledger accounts to send and receive test XRP on Testnet

Reviewer: I'm not sure how I feel about capitalizing "testnet," because it makes it feel as though there's only a single/canonical testnet, which isn't necessarily true

Author: I have lowercased it now. Maybe there's an official name we can use for this particular implementation of a testnet. (E.g., something like the "Xpring-enabled Interledger testnet at wallet.ilpv4.dev ")

<!-- Will have to find all references to files that are being pulled, such as in https://xpring.io/ilp-testnet, and replace them with the new files. -->

> When you create an [Interledger](overview.html) account on Testnet, you create an address to send and receive test XRP. Testnet is a network set up specifically to allow users to practice sending and receiving test XRP.

Author: Right now it seems we only have examples (wallet.ilpv4.dev and rafiki.money) that involve test XRP. I will say that the Interledger Testnet can support multiple test currencies, but what does this mean exactly? I think we could just create a clone and relabel with whatever name we wanted to call the currency.
Do we want to say "Testnet" or "testnet"?
Do we need to elaborate on the fakeness of sending test values?

> When you create an [Interledger](overview.html) account on Testnet, you create an address to send and receive test XRP. Testnet is a network set up specifically to allow users to practice sending and receiving test XRP.

Author: For now, I've removed "Xpring Testnet".

> When you create an [Interledger](overview.html) account on Testnet, you create an address to send and receive test XRP. Testnet is a network set up specifically to allow users to practice sending and receiving test XRP.

Author: I brought back Xpring ILP testnet.

6. If you want someone to send you test XRP, provide them with your payment pointer.
7. If you want to send test XRP to someone, request that they send you their payment pointer.<br>
   You can readily set up multiple accounts to get different payment pointers, and therefore experiment with sending test XRP in different scenarios where you have ready access to the accounts on both sides.

When you subsequently log in to Xpring Testnet with the same credentials, you will see the current state of your wallet with the current amount of test XRP.   

#### Send money with your Xpring login wallet

When you have test XRP in your account, you can practice sending test XRP to another account.

1. Sign in to Xpring Testnet at [https://wallet.ilpv4.dev/](https://wallet.ilpv4.dev/). Look at the **Send** portion of the page on the right.
2. Enter the number of test XRP, in integer form, that you want to send.
3. Enter the payment pointer for the address to which you want to send test XRP.
4. Click **Send**.

The amount of XRP in the lower left adjusts to the new value. To add more value to your account, click **Make it rain**.

### Create an account at rafiki.money

> The [rafiki.money](https://rafiki.money) site is an implementation of Rafiki, which is an Interledger connector. You can [read more](https://medium.com/interledger-blog/introducing-rafiki-e3de4710d3de) about why Rafiki was created.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, we should just emphasize that https://rafiki.money is an Interledger-enabled wallet. The link should just be to rafiki.money -- there's not really anything more to read here.

@adrianhopebailie @matdehaast for their opinion, since they created rafiki.money

> ## Set Up Interledger accounts to send and receive test XRP

Author: With the current UI, I only see test XRP. I have changed references throughout to refer to "test funds" and "test currency values" where there's no specific UI reference.

<!-- Will have to find all references to files that are being pulled, such as in https://xpring.io/ilp-testnet, and replace them with the new files. -->

> When you create an [Interledger](overview.html) account on an ILP (Interledger Protocol) testnet, you create an address to send and receive test currency values. The ILP testnet used in this tutorial is a network set up specifically to allow users to practice sending and receiving test currency values. For simplicity, this tutorial demonstrates sending and receiving test XRP.

Author: Changed this now (missed the first time).

You can create an Interledger account to send and receive test XRP in two ways:

> - With an ILP testnet account

Author: Figuring out what belongs to what, and how it should be called, is definitely an issue for me. The pages https://xpring.io/ilp-testnet and https://xpring.io/ilp-testnet-creds refer to an ILP testnet too, but it doesn't seem compatible with the one at https://wallet.ilpv4.dev/

- With a [rafiki.money](https://rafiki.money) account

Both of these types of Interledger accounts allow you to send and receive test XRP, and are useful for developing and testing apps. This type of account can also be referred to as a "wallet."

If you want to send actual value in your app with an Interledger account, refer to the [Rust implementation of Interledger](http://interledger.rs), or the Java implementation of Interledger at [Hyperledger Quilt](https://www.hyperledger.org/projects/quilt). Because these efforts are open source, your contributions are welcome.

You can also perform these same tasks programmatically. See [Set up Interledger accounts programmaticallly to send and receive test XRP](setup-wallets-programmatically.html).

### Create an Interledger account and get your own payment pointer

This section refers to a specific ILP testnet.

> 1. Open the login page for this ILP testnet: [https://wallet.ilpv4.dev/](https://wallet.ilpv4.dev/)<br>

Author: Changed locally and will push.

   Read the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy, as linked on that page.
2. If you agree with the specified terms and privacy policy, click **Sign in**.<br>
   You are prompted to sign in with one of Facebook, Github, or Google credentials.
3. For your login, select the option you prefer.<br>
   You can create multiple accounts that you control by signing in subsequently with other options.
4. You might be prompted to log in with your credentials, or if you are already logged in, you might be prompted for further authentication.<br>
   When you are logged in, you see a page with your payment pointer, in the following format:<br>
   `$money.ilpv4.dev/<your-account-name>`<br>
   As indicated by the payment pointer, this wallet uses the Interledger Protocol, v4. Because a new account does not have any test funds, you will want to add value to it.
5. Click **Make it rain**.<br>
  Your account now has 10 test XRP. To add more test XRP, continue to click the button until you have as many test XRP as you want.

> 6. If you want someone to send you test XRP, provide them with your payment pointer and ask them to use their payment pointer to send test XRP to your payment pointer.

Author: I've changed to more generic terminology, but so far as I can tell, the rafiki.money interface does not have any options but XRP. If I create a new blank account under a payment pointer, it says 0.000000 XRP. Is there any option for another currency with rafiki.money?

4. Click **Add account**.<br>
   The **Create account** window appears.
5. Enter a name for your account and click **Create**.<br>
   You next have to assign a default account for your payment pointer.        
6. Click **No default account set for Payment pointer. Click here to assign default account**.
7. From the **Default Account** dropdown list, select an account and click **Submit**.<br>
   You can create additional accounts as desired. Each of these accounts belongs to the same payment pointer. You can send test XRP from any of these accounts, but the default account will be the recipient of any test XRP sent from another payment pointer.
8. To add test XRP to an account, click to select the account on the home page. Click **Add Funds** to add 100 test XRP to your account. Repeat as desired.

When you next visit rafiki.money, log in to work with the accounts you have set up.

### Send money with your rafiki.money payment pointer

With rafiki.money, a payment pointer has a default account to receive test XRP from another payment pointer. You can create additional financial accounts under the same payment pointer that can also store test XRP and be used to send test XRP.

> You can send and receive test XRP between rafiki.money accounts and other Interledger accounts.

Author: Have eliminated all except those where it's specifically part of the UI, and added further explanation about how Interledger supports all currencies.

1. On the rafiki.money home page, click the account you want to use to send test XRP.
2. Click **Send funds**.
3. Enter the **Payment Pointer** to which you want to send test XRP, and the **Amount (XRP)** value.  

> Experiment with sending and receiving test XRP between payment pointers on different sites, adding more test funds to your accounts as desired. With testnet transactions, there are no transaction costs for sending and receiving test XRP.

Author: Changed to make clear this lack of transaction costs is specific to this tutorial.

5. Click **Make it rain**.<br>
  Your account now has 10 test XRP. To add more test XRP, continue to click the button until you have as many test XRP as you want.
6. If you want someone to pay you, provide them with your payment pointer and ask them to use their own payment pointer to send funds to your payment pointer.
7. If you want to pay someone, request that they provide you with their payment pointer and use their payment pointer to send them funds.<br>
   You can readily set up multiple accounts to get different payment pointers, and therefore experiment with sending payments in different scenarios where you have ready access to the accounts on both sides.

When you subsequently log in to this testnet again with the credentials that you used previously, you will see the current state of your wallet with the current amount of test XRP it has. Your account can receive test XRP when you are not logged in.   

### Send money between Interledger accounts

When you have funds in your account, you can then send funds to another account.

1. Sign in to the testnet at [https://wallet.ilpv4.dev/](https://wallet.ilpv4.dev/). Look at the **Send** portion of the page on the right.

> 2. Enter the number of test XRP, in integer form, that you want to send.

Reviewer 3: We may want to make it clear that the amount of XRP in this field not only has to be an integer (I guess we don't support fractional amounts yet), but that it is denominated in whole XRP, **not** in the account asset scale.  Otherwise, this may cause some confusion, especially if a developer has just read about asset scales

Author: As discussed with Noah, the GUI-based tutorial does not refer to asset scales at all, nor do I see any way to change it in the GUI. So I'll leave that for now, because I can't see a way to reference asset scale without bringing in programmatic access.

Reviewer: Yeah, we definitely don't want to explain the concept of asset scales! Instead of "integer form," maybe this?
```suggestion
2. Enter the number of test XRP, in whole number increments, that you want to send.
```

Author: Changed
